[IMP] surveys: add cards and links/intros (#10233)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/surveys.rst

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Tutorials: Surveys <https://www.odoo.com/slides/surveys-62>`_

> .. cards::

Reviewer: I LOVE THIS! Never thought to use cards!

   .. card:: Create surveys
      :target: surveys/create

      Discover how to create surveys with Odoo.

   .. card:: Scoring surveys
      :target: surveys/scoring

      Learn how to create and analyze survey scores with Odoo.

   .. card:: Create questions
      :target: surveys/questions

>       See how to create, configure, and customize all kinds of survey questions with Odoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      See how to create, configure, and customize all types of survey questions with Odoo.
```

   .. card:: Live Session surveys
      :target: surveys/live_session

>       Discover everything there is to know about Odoo's unique Live Session surveys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Find out everything there is to know about Odoo's unique Live Session surveys.
```
Every card starts with a different word, but this is a repeat. Just trying to come up with a different one!

in Odoo.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`surveys/create`

Scoring surveys
===============

Discover how to measure a survey participant's performance, or overall satisfaction, with Odoo's
detailed (and fully customizable) survey scoring options.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`surveys/scoring`

Create questions
================

With Odoo *Surveys*, there are many question types and options to choose from, providing the ability
to create any kind of unique survey, questionnarire, and/or certification.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`surveys/questions`

Live Session surveys
====================

The *Live Session* survey option available in Odoo can enhance in-person demonstrations and
presentations, where participants' real-time responses can be used to dictate where the conversation
goes next.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`surveys/live_session`

Survey analysis
===============

Once the surveys start to come in, it is time to analyze the responses from your participants.
Fortuantely, the in-depth reporting pages and options available in Odoo *Surveys* provide countless
ways to examine everything related to surveys, and their submitted responses.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`surveys/analysis`

> 

Reviewer: I am wondering if this section at the bottom might be a little confusing, since you already have the information (just abbreviated) in the cards at the top. You could either eliminate this section since the cards are doing the same work (an explanation with a link to the doc), and/or you can expand the text in the cards to include all of the text found in these sections.

Author: I fully understand (and appreciate) this comment. However, in a previous doc that took care of the same thing (adding cards/intro info to the main doc, etc.), Sam suggested that I add these sections at the bottom, with their own seealso admonitions. I'm assuming it's just in case readers bypassed the cards at the top, proceeded to scroll through, then hit the bottom, wondering where to go next. So, since Sam has suggested this in the past, I think I'm going to keep it in. But, that said, we'll see if he's changed his mind about it when it comes time for this PR to get a Tech Review 😄 Thanks again for the always in-depth feedback! 🙏
